hey YouTube it's morning room and say
I'm going to talk to you guys about katy
perry's new my lash line with i lurk and
i am head over heels in love with these
like they're kind of expensive but I
mean I'm they're worth it to me usually
i buy like packs of like 120 eyelashes
like from china for like a dollar pack
and they're pretty fine they last me and
they work pretty well I'm gonna can't
complain they're kind of hard to put on
but recently I was doing my friends make
up for a wedding and she had bought a
couple pairs of Katy Perry eyelashes and
I think she got this pair of the cool
kitty sent and I was like oh eyelashes
they have pre adhesive on them that
never works but I put them on her and
they actually stayed all night long and
usually like you know if you see like
eyelashes a pre adhesive on them they
don't stay un of having me as your own
glue anyways but I was only as they
actually stand in her face all night
long like through her entire wedding she
didn't have to worry about touching up
her eyelashes or anything so I was
amazed and after that it was like okay
well maybe there's something to these
I'll give them a shot so I don't know
but um a couple packs this is like my
second run of them I've actually went
about every single one they have to try
it out um my favorite so far has
definitely been the cool kitty set which
are like little triangles cut in and the
oh honey set which like looks like
normal eyelashes but really long and
thick um but Katy Perry's favorite in
the line is one is called oh my and
they're usually a dollar extra depending
on where you shop because there are
actually two pairs of eyelashes stacked
on top of each other to give you the
really big full effect and these are
like the ones that she actually wears on
stage so it's kind of cool she actually
like where's the product herself and
endorses it is hun using these they do
stick on my eyelids that the first time
I wear them but they are made it to be
reborn you can take them off and put
them aside and then the next day put
them on again but they come with glue
inside each pack so you can reapply them
each day and for as long as you have
taken
care of them because they like I forgot
to have them on and I start washing my
face they're damaged and I have to throw
them away then because you're some
reason they get wet they like get all
wonky and they dry weird so I suggest
taking them off before you wash your
face so this is what it looks like when
you open it it comes with the eyelashes
themselves some glue which this lasts
for like ever all you need is a really
tiny amount to put them on and they stay
on all day long so like I said the first
time put them on they don't need any
glue added there they already have glue
on them and then after take them off at
the end of the night the next day when I
put them on I have to use a little bit
of glue on them and usually I get three
or four uses out of each set also inside
it comes with a little instruction
manual like if you've never done fake
eyelashes before this tells you all
about it and how to put them on and each
set comes with a sticker with the name
of the set this one is cool kitty and I
have all of these I'm like one of my
binders like I think they're really cute
in front of collect so these thoughts
are really cool I highly recommend them
they come with one in each set and
retail price value is six dollars 99
cents but I do catch them on sale a lot
at Ulta occasionally I've seen them I
one get the second one half off or two
sets for twelve dollars so you're
getting two dollars off um this current
assortment that I have right now I got
off amazon com because they had free
shipping and it was just six dollars a
sin so you can really get these anywhere
you just had to shop around for a really
good price um and I were these pretty
much daily now depending on how i'm
feeling with day like dictates on which
said they wear but I wear these pretty
much daily now like they're so easy to
put on like usually with my old
eyelashes I have to like wrap them
around a pencil first to get them to
curve and then put them on and cut them
to the right size and everything that's
like a long tedious procedure and I do
it wrong like it's poking me in the eye
all day long but these like I don't have
to cut and they stay in place all day
don't have to like worry about
reapplying glue to them later or
anything like I really like them and I
wanted to
would you guys because I even do a lot
of pain with big eyelashes and these are
the cure so yeah if you're interested in
trying these I highly suggest it they're
super easy to put on they last all day
and they're great for beginners because
they already have the glue on them so
you don't really have to worry about
like getting the right amount on and
like waiting the right amount of time
before you put them on your eyes and
everything like that they're just
awesome and they do make a difference on
your eyes like I do notice that I feel
better about myself like the way I look
overall when I have them on because they
kind of make the shine on my I disappear
cause like you know when the light
shines your eyes makes them a little bit
wider but it kind of blocks out the
light more so it like makes my eyes look
darker and I like that I don't know I'm
kitty weird about it but I really like
big eyelashes and they're just great so
if you're interested in trying a branded
like I suggest trying the Katy Perry
eyewear brand or anything by Euler um
because I'm interesting sharing more
Tyler products at you're trying these um
I was not paid to do this review I
bought all these with my own money from
amazon com so don't think before
throwing stuff at me to try for you guys
cuz they're not so yeah if you guys have
any questions go ahead and lay one down
below and please subscribe any videos up
every weekday bye guys